That was my best friend, Lucas, when we were kids, and that was me, Oscar.
We knew exactly what we wanted to do when we grew up.
Pioneer, go to Bethel, build Kingdom Halls.
We kept those goals, and when graduation came, we were ready.
Our little business needed just a few more accounts.
Then we'd have enough for us and to help our families.
Finally, day one for this service year.
And two new pioneers, where we live, finding spiritual interest is tough.
We really have cleaners.
And finding enough work was harder than we thought.
A few months in, I was sure Jehovah would help if we just stuck it out.
Sorry, Oscar, I can't make it today.
Something came up.
Lucas.
What came up was an opportunity for more money.
But at what cost?
You quitting or what?
Nah.
I'm not quitting.
Pioneering, or a business.
Neither, but you know the struggle here.
Most brothers can afford to pioneer for a year, two tops.
Look, it's not full-time while I'm training.
It's a backup plug.
So Lucas stopped pioneering?
Maybe he's right.
He's just being practical.
I mean, is it wrong to quit if you think it's not working?
I struggled with the same question when I pioneered.
Whatever you decide, if you can tell Jehovah your reason,
with a clean conscience, then it's the right decision for you.
Why would I keep going when it's so difficult?
Since all these things are to be dissolved in this way,
consider what sorts of people you ought to be
in holy acts of conduct and deeds of godly devotion.
Here he is, the last days.
And people need the good news.
And they'll only hear it if we keep up our deeds
of godly devotion as best we can.
I prayed to endure and only stop pioneering
if my circumstances left no other choice.
And I prayed to see the blessings.
And after a while, I learned that a little perseverance
with Jehovah's spirit can be contagious.
So what do you want to do when you go up?
Pioneer.
And go to Bethel?
Yep.
And then maybe build Kingdom Halls.
You in?
Here.